in Windows this is just like the
tutorial oh yeah videos of me at like
weird good cool live-streaming is
happening so hello everyone today is the
15th of October 2018 and we are doing
the All Hands ipfs column we have a
couple of agenda items today the first
one was from me which is I forgot at the
end of September to ask someone to
volunteer for October so if anyone wants
to volunteer a little bit early for
November to lead this week we call being
here and waving and smiling and creating
agenda items that's something that I can
take over exactly how to do all of these
things all right I peel Dean mind map
demo cool someone was just presenting
that I don't Lee mind map you want to
start presenting it again we can't hear
you at the moment
if there's also anyone on the call who's
new or wants to introduce themselves
yeah
you turn up your volume understandable
still pretty quiet so yeah we're we're
actually and we were just into the IPO
Lima we did the plot of an exploration
we're doing on how we relate to
information and so layer on top of every
other building at protocol address and
one of the premise of this is we we
found ourselves restricted to how do we
organize information so we want great
tools that don't do not blah blah blah
Patrick oh man works so you want to make
tools that allow anyone Express for
collect information in the way that
interests and then we end up to the idea
of a my life so we designed this little
tool to a project inside a modest
project that I wouldn't go into so this
is your project that we did to track
inside on these issues and the IP LD
mind map which is basically very vicious
to me well if it be more creative will
look great
unethical that live on a Google and a
lot for that allows to relate any
content to any other content with any
kind of relationship we have yeah and it
shares these domain so like if my friend
have been a comment and I'd have seen
this content we if we put these lineups
together we could eventually see like
the the conversion points and we can
show that forger I don't know if I see
the screen okay so yeah the interface is
very simple
I'm here I just play this note which
will be just a plain text now I'll just
calling no okay
not maybe because the files reveal
yourself and with just a data point to
escape so let's say branch so to the
wrench right eye is relationship that
I'm creating a certain if I Carol
mission is which will be another fear
people pages very simple
so now I have a creative leave object
which is all in wanting to attract every
is from me it's different then you have
the know the branches the context cell
and there's nothing you know create a
knowledge
[Music]
maybe the cool thing is accur graphical
interface right now I reckon you can -
my the same time I'm going here
is and if you have the option you not
only pids but 2.2 else so I can clear it
would know I can point to the knack of
some stuff we're at home mm Nora table
which is Oh Pat phone sheets idea but
it's like a create I could miss an idea
example no I you know I can make
reference to the words to knowledge and
that's cool but I want to create version
of one boom machine right and I will
have like foliage and always like better
be no it's just your text but of course
this India and I can eventually make a
reference to my if it's not the word
itself you know I mean the city this has
that on on github I think it is usable
we have enough I just wish that
yesterday but looking to suggest that
the main treasure and if anyone has to
do anything we love to hear ideas behind
it is only point for us to start scoring
yes we will
this is awesome thank you for cheering
it um if you want to add a little bit
more context into the notes doc I'm
gonna be useful your audio is cutting a
little bit in and out so I think it was
a little bit hard for some of us to
understand what you were saying but the
more you can add there I think also make
sure there's a link to your github
project so people can go check it out
does anyone have any any specific
questions for for them at this moment to
be yeah so as I was saying it was a
little bit hard to understand what was
going on although I was checking into
the repo and try to like feeling the
rest of the context as I go it would be
great if you could like record this demo
synchronously so that we can understand
exactly what you were saying and also
like be telling us how we could help I
see that you are referencing to a bunch
of points on the I peel this back
comparing mental past one and the other
one I would say for example the I
totally expected right now changing very
rapidly or it is finally getting
revamped it's finally getting nice so so
it'll be good to get you a report of
those changes so that like you can now
so if you like as a spec changes but
yeah if you really go to the demo you
tell us what you need I can help in also
tell us what is next
I see that's on your repo that you have
a bunch of to do's and like some really
strong deadlines I am not sure what are
those deadlines and why they are so soon
but but yeah if you if you could tell us
a little bit more about that after it
will be very good boom
[Applause]
[Music]
awesome
next agenda iron update from our wo TV
yeah so it was this Johnny King hear me
okay yeah so I was up in Toronto just
last week and I had made some progress
with using IPL D as a generalized
framework for the D I D that
decentralized identifiers specification
and got some traction especially with
Christian from Newport team as well as
the PTC implementation that was Kim
Duffy and Christopher Alan they really
liked the approach I think we saw some
issues getting some progress through the
w3c they still want a you are i as a
schema for the ad context and also I
think we need progress for the multi key
but I think it's is a draft document
that as soon as I get some time when we
finished up all she met up awesome
anyone have any any questions and thank
you protocol labs for being a sponsor so
the ongoing stress frustration is that
they the at contact solutions they which
is be at json-ld link data they still
like a URI so an HTTP resource and I
think we can do that through the Gateway
I think the better way the more secure
way of doing that is actually just being
a node a link in I P LD so actually
resolved the the Jason context directly
so I'm just don't having some challenges
and I think we might just have to come
up with the different
reserved attribute name for that it's
not conflict with the json-ld at context
[Music]
and then you addressed your question
what's it I think the the you and I plan
goes out to men who's doing it before
which is that the using in a URI is
actually as a security vulnerability
because all you need to do is spoof the
the HTTP at context and then basically
you can Val it can validate a signature
in this in and their approach so which
could actually got me into interested in
using IP LD to actually took store this
D ID because the idea is basically like
a how you rotate your keys basically
what your public he is and took its
penalty approach especially is uh it's
more secure but it's just getting buy-in
from that community
the next item from peak cafe that poor
lady portia is the future of community
calls
needed pusher
you're still muted
no Porsche gears you need to unmute your
your audience okay that's what I like to
hear
so the fact that we would need to be
factored it so I'm working on a more
fluid system where we can schedule calls
in advance I have an issue where we've
been talking about it so if you have any
opinions here so the first thing that I
think we can do is we can have a
spreadsheet I can put a link to the
spreadsheet and then people can put
their talks like right away I'm trying
to figure out if I should put a list on
IRC and discus my like I received that's
where our community is located but I
don't think everyone has a dedicate has
a persistent IRC client so I'm thinking
if we have like discussed and have like
a category of talks and people know
every week they can go to the category
and it'll be an excel sheet where they
can actually fill in their talk or their
name and their talk and we can do that a
week before they actually present
I have a question
um can we start by giving a little bit
of context or background into which
community calls you're talking about and
what these are about um the history the
history of community calls I think of
which 'only they were stand-ups they
were stand-up several months ago where
members would say what they're working
on what are their blockers but they've
since evolved to a broader community
call where people have a chance to talk
about their projects but it's not a
formal like internal stand up and we're
converting it to a system that's more
open and that includes internal and
external projects we want like a more
extreme the problem is we want a more
streamlined way for people to sign up
for talks so that the people who are
presenting have at least a week to
prepare and the people who go to or the
audience who goes these calls they can
figure they can find out like a week
before who's talking and who's not it's
just adding a little bit more
organization
but it's the same call slightly
different name and a slightly different
process so the process that we will be
adding is that at the end of each call
there'll be a spreadsheet for people to
put their potential talks like if they
want to speak in December there'll be a
sheet where they can put their name that
they're speaking about on their open
source project and I'm trying I won't
I'm trying to figure out where this
excel sheet would live and I'm thinking
of it living and discuss where we have
our forum so there'll be a category that
you can go in and the category you can
look at the excel sheet you can see
who's talking in the next in the future
and you can also put in your name of
like what your topic is and what you'll
be discussing so instead of us like
filling it in like 20 minutes before the
call begins will already have a list of
people who are speaking like a week or
two before the actual call
probably on myself um I think a question
that I have given that we are currently
on one of those community calls and we
have various community members who are
gaining some sort of value where by
which they continue showing up to this
call on a regular basis
I think question is to us as to what
what value we're currently getting out
of the call set up what things could be
better and kind of this is a one
potential pull request on our process of
hosting these community calls and if
that pull request sounds like it's going
to be the right thing that will optimize
for the things we want to get on this
call or we want to make alternative or
discuss any of the other things we want
to get out of it they meet freezing it
hand over here the value would be
knowing what the talks are ahead of time
yes that would be the the change or you
would gain some knowing what talks are
happening with the Delta of also having
to prepare in advance more than we
currently do which talks are happening
yeah and some additional process
yeah suggestions ideas bring them up
there has been proposals for other types
of physical office hours which one and I
like any awards but videoing so there is
a issue proposals to risk of Chris
Jericho requests and Molly something
about if you have comments but yeah it
is like basically getting more structure
so this is encourage every moment you I
talk about something that you will care
or then you really know the rest of it
really kind of a tiny conversation every
week
um one I don't know this is an
alternative or yes hand or it's just
something something that would be useful
is for this call to also see more of
kind of the tangible work that's
happening in our different working
groups and to get more kind of
presentations of interesting things that
are happening from these different areas
so not to create work for for more of
the the various ipfs working groups but
something that might be useful for a
community members in addition to just
like demos of people in the community is
also to understand like what is the
functionality that's being added as we
update things like priorities roadmaps
ok ours to have more of a presentation
oriented slot here whereby we talk about
those those improvements or additions
maybe it fits in with your structure but
just saying that's something that I've
seen might be useful for this community
so you're proposing perhaps we should
have more than one community talk like
you should have community talk on like
NGO or the jas package and so we'll have
a general community talk it did we'll
have like community talks based on the
different projects I don't know if
that's that doesn't sound like it would
what I'm meaning to suggest what I'm
meaning to suggest is we can use this
time okay
the call we are currently in okay that's
the same thing as community calls but we
can use this to also present some of the
new work that's happening in our various
working groups oh yes yeah and in terms
of extra work like the only work that I
envision everyone else to put in is to
excel sheet and sign up for a talk for
the excel sheet I mean that's like the
lift the amount of lift that I would
want from everyone and who are part of
these calls now and in the future does
anyone else have any
thoughts feedback discussion on that
topic in particular all right well if
you have a sink thoughts and feedback um
there is the issue has been stuck in the
chat by Jacob thank you very much Jacob
thanks for being so organized and
everyone can check that check it out and
I'm there their feedback or describe the
value that they are currently getting
from this call and how it could be more
valuable to them all right
next time on Uganda oh we are doing our
in person happy we are basically a see
although we're trying to do this week is
we are trying to kind of align our team
on the direction we're moving forward
we're trying to just packing together
and we've spent much of the morning kind
of like laying out some different goals
for this week things we want to have on
priorities for the team in the next
three months but and I realize it's not
included the broader community so I just
wanted it basically to open it up to
there any hot-button issues that you all
know if you don't have anything up can
you should feel free just in general
like invest folks are jamming hopefully
we'll have some cool stuff to show at
the end of the week from a hack or
discussion or wonderful specs for new
things that we think are gonna help push
us all forward super excited I guess
there's also an announcement that there
isn't ipfs meetup here and
then while we're here so if anyone
else's is in London come chat with with
some of us about ipfs and how it's
awesome we're excited to hang out with
the community and hopefully do some
really awesome demos Joffe if you're
talking to us we can't hear you no okay
I'll get it works okay um that was our
last official another item does anyone
else have anything they'd like to
discuss on this call we are we are
exactly on time all right then thank you
very much and great rest of your Monday
[Music]
by the way it's nothing personal